chore(docs): Migrate the callouts to bullets (#3580)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: kroxylicious-docs/docs/_modules/record-encryption/con-record-encryption-filter-config.adoc

  encryptionDekExpireAfterWriteSeconds: 7200
  maxEncryptionsPerDek: 5000000
----
where:

* `kms` specifies the KMS service name.
* `kmsConfig` specifies configuration specific to the KMS provider.
* `selector` specifies the Key Encryption Key (KEK) selector to use. The `$(topicName)` is a literal understood by the proxy. For example, if using the `TemplateKekSelector` with the template `KEK-$(topicName)`, create a key for every topic that is to be encrypted with the key name matching the topic name, prefixed by the string `KEK-`.
** `template` The template for deriving the KEK, based on a specific topic name.
* `unresolvedKeyPolicy` specifies policy governing the behaviour when the KMS does not contain a key. The default is `PASSTHROUGH_UNENCRYPTED` which causes the record to be forwarded, unencrypted, to the target cluster. Users can alternatively specify `REJECT` which will cause the entire produce request to be rejected. This is a safer alternative if you know that all traffic sent to the Virtual Cluster should be encrypted because unencrypted data will never be forwarded.
* `experimental` field provides experimental configuration settings.

> ** `encryptionDekRefreshAfterWriteSeconds` specify how long after creation of a DEK before it becomes eligible for rotation. On the **next** encryption request, the cache will asynchronously create a new DEK.  Encryption requests will continue to use the old DEK until the new DEK is ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `encryptionDekRefreshAfterWriteSeconds` specifies how long after creation of a DEK before it becomes eligible for rotation. On the **next** encryption request, the cache asynchronously creates a new DEK.  Encryption requests continue to use the old DEK until the new DEK is ready.
```
